1.Explain Jetbrain rider.

Rider helps you develop .NET, ASP.NET, .NET Core applications on Windows, 
macOS, or Linux. It provides rich editing support and code insight for 
languages used in .NET development, from C#, VB.NET, and F# to ASP.NET 
Razor syntax, JavaScript, TypeScript, XAML, XML, HTML, CSS, 
SCSS, JSON, and SQL.

a)Languages and project types.
b)ReSharper + IntelliJ platform.
c)Designed to be smart and fast.

1)Intelligent code editor.
2)Killer code analysis
3)Navigation and search
4)Decompiler
5)Refactoring
6)Unit testing
7)Debugging
8)Version control
9)Web development
10)Databases and SQL
11)Plugins
------
2.Explain nuget package manager.

For .NET (including .NET Core), the Microsoft-supported mechanism for 
sharing code is NuGet, which defines how packages for .NET 
are created, hosted, and consumed.

NuGet package is a single ZIP file with the .nupkg extension 
that contains compiled code, other files related to that code, and 
a descriptive manifest that includes information like the package's 
version number. Developers with code to share create packages and publish 
them to a public or private host. Package consumers obtain those 
packages from suitable hosts, add them to their projects.


NuGet provides the central nuget.org repository with support for 
private hosting.
NuGet provides the tools developers need for creating, publishing, 
and consuming packages.
Most importantly, NuGet maintains a reference list of packages used 
in a project and the ability to restore and update those packages 
from that list.
------
3.Explain run use and map methods in middlewares.

Run Extension:
The nature of Run extension is to short circuit the HTTP pipeline 
immediately. It is a shorthand way of adding middleware to the 
pipeline that does not call any other middleware which is next to 
it and immediately return HTTP response. So, it’s recommended to use 
Run extension to hook middleware at last in HTTP pipeline.

Use Extension:
In case of Use extension, there is a chance to pass next invoker, 
so that HTTP request will be transferred to the next middleware 
after execution of current Use if there next invoker is present. 
In this example, we have attached next invoker with Use extension, 
so that HTTP call will get transferred to next middleware even we 
tried to return.

Map Extension:
Map() method is used to map the middleware to a specific URL.
Map extensions are used as convention for branching the pipeline. 
We can hook delegate to Map extension to push it to HTTP pipeline.
Map simply accepts a path and a function that configures a separate 
middleware pipeline. In this example, we will hook one 
middleware/delegate to HTTP pipeline using Map extension.