1.What are the two authentication modes in SQL Server?

SQL Server supports two authentication modes, Windows authentication mode and mixed mode.

Windows authentication is the default, and is often referred to as integrated security 
because this SQL Server security model is tightly integrated with Windows. 
Specific Windows user and group accounts are trusted to log in to SQL Server. 
Windows users who have already been authenticated do not have to present 
additional credentials.

Mixed mode supports authentication both by Windows and by SQL Server. 
User name and password pairs are maintained within SQL Server.

-----
2.Can SQL servers linked to other servers?

Linked Servers are a method by which a SQL Server can talk to another ODBC 
compliant database, such as another SQL Server instance or an Oracle database, 
with a direct T-SQL query.

-----
3.What is RDBMS?

The software used to store, manage, query, and retrieve data stored in a relational 
database is called a relational database management system (RDBMS). The RDBMS 
provides an interface between users and applications and the database, 
as well as administrative functions for managing data storage, access, 
and performance.

-----
4.What is a database table?

Tables are database objects that contain all the data in a database. In tables, 
data is logically organized in a row-and-column format similar to a spreadsheet.
Each row represents a unique record, and each column represents a field 
in the record.

-----
5. How do you create a table in SQL?
-----
6.What are relationships in SQL Server database?

Relationships are the established associations between two or more tables. 
Relationships are based on common fields from more than one table, often involving 
primary and foreign keys. A primary key is the field (or fields) that is used 
to uniquely identify each record in a table.

-----
7.What is the primary key of a database?

A primary key is the column or columns that contain values that uniquely 
identify each row in a table. A database table must have a primary key 
 to insert, update, restore, or delete data from a database table.

-----
8.What is a foreign key of a database?

A foreign key (FK) is a column or combination of columns that is used to establish 
and enforce a link between the data in two tables to control the data that can 
be stored in the foreign key table.

-----
9.What is a query in a database?

A query can either be a request for data results from your database or for 
action on the data, or for both. A query can give you an answer to a simple question,
 perform calculations, combine data from different tables, add, change,
 or delete data from a database.

-----
10.What are query types in a database?
Most databases contain tables that store vast amounts of data. 
A query enables you to filter the data as you single out what you require to analyse.

1. Update query
2. Select query
3. Append query
4. Delete query
5. Make table query
6. Parameter query
7. Crosstab query

-----
11. What is the database engine in SQL Server?

The Database Engine component of SQL Server is the core service for storing, 
processing, and securing data. The Database Engine provides controlled access 
and rapid transaction processing to meet the requirements of the most 
demanding data consuming applications in your enterprise.

-----
12.What are Analysis Services in SQL Server?

Analysis Services is an analytical data engine (VertiPaq) used in decision 
support and business analytics. It provides enterprise-grade semantic data 
models for business reports and client applications such as Power BI, Excel, 
Reporting Services reports, and other data visualization tools.

-----
13.What are the integration services in SQL Server?

SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level 
data integration and data transformations solutions. Use Integration Services 
to solve complex business problems by copying or downloading files, loading 
data warehouses, cleansing and mining data, and managing SQL Server objects and data.

-----
14.What are the data quality services in SQL Server?

SQL Server Data Quality Services (DQS) is a knowledge-driven data quality product. 
DQS enables you to build a knowledge base and use it to perform a variety of
 critical data quality tasks, including correction, enrichment, standardization, 
and de-duplication of your data.

-----
15.How do you define constraints in SQL?

Constraints are the rules that we can apply on the type of data in a table. 
That is, we can specify the limit on the type of data that can be stored 
in a particular column in a table using constraints. 

Table-level- constraints--->primary key,foreign key.
Column-level-constraints--->Normal,Unique.

Check constraint--->restrict some of data(range).
Default costraint
-----